# uttl.buildout.devenv

Invokes the Visual Studio development environment (`devenv.com`) to perform actions on projects and solutions.

This recipe will automatically track the resulting binary files, but it cannot check whether any of the input files have changed. Buildout will only call the recipe if the resulting binary files are missing. Visual Studio also tracks whether files have changed, so you can make sure that your binary files are always built by setting `always-install` in your options.

## Options

`executable` (default: "devenv.com")

Path to the executable used to run commands. You don't need to set this if the executable was added to the system-wide `PATH` environment variable.

`solution-path` (required)

Path to the Visual Studio solution file (.sln) that will be passed to the executable.

`working-dir` (optional)

Change to this directory before executing the command.

`always-install` (optional)

Set this option to 1 to skip checks for missing installed files and always run the script.

`project` (optional)

Name of the project in the solution to run an action on. Actions mean one of the `build`, `rebuild`, `clean`, or `deploy` options. If none are specified, this option is considered invalid and will throw an error.

`build` (optional)

Builds all projects in the solution if the parameter is left blank or builds a configuration for the selected project, e.g. `Release`.

`rebuild` (optional)

Rebuilds all projects in the solution if the parameter is left blank or rebuilds a configuration for the selected project, e.g. `Debug`.

`clean` (optional)

Cleans all projects in the solution if the parameter is left blank or cleans a configuration for the selected project, e.g. `ReleaseWithDebugInfo`.

`deploy` (optional)

Deploys all projects in  the solution if the parameter is left blank or deploys a configuration for the selected project, e.g. `Shipping`.

`command` (optional)

Starts Visual Studio and executes the specified command.

`artefacts` (optional)

Additional list of files that will be installed by the recipe but are not picked up automatically.

`arguments` (optional)

Additional list of arguments that are added to the executable _before_ the arguments generated by the recipe _without any processing_.

## Example - Build the game in Release

	[buildout]
	parts = 
		server-build-exe

	[server-build-exe]
	recipe = uttl.buildout:devenv
	executable = ${devenv:path}
	solution = SSSG.sln
	project = SSSG
	build = Release