# uttl.buildout.qtdeploy

Calls a deployment tool for Qt that copies library files needed to run the target executable. The libraries will be copied from the folder where the deployment tool is located, i.e. your Qt installation folder.

## Options 

`executable` (default: "windeployqt.exe")

Path to the executable used to run commands. You don't need to set this if the executable was added to the system-wide `PATH` environment variable.

`target-path` (mandatory)

Path to the executable that the Qt deployment tool will inspect for dependencies.

`always-install` (optional)

Set this option to 1 to skip checks for missing installed files and always run the script.

`target` (default: release)

Deploy either `debug` or `release` versions of Qt libraries. The debug target will also deploy .pdb files which are used when debugging using Visual Studio.

`vcvars` (optional)

Path to `vcvarsall.bat`, a script file used to determine the install path of Visual Studio. Only required if you want to deploy the installer for the relevant version of the Visual C++ runtime.

`translations` (optional)

List of translated languages to deploy, e.g. fr, uk, de. Leaving this option blank will skip deployment of translations and set `--no-translations`.

`qml-dir` (optional)

Path to directory that will be scanned for QML imports. Option is required for deploying `Qt5Qml.dll`.

`qml-import` (optional)

Add a path to the search locations for importing QML modules.

`plugins` (default: 1)

Set this option to 0 to skip deployment of plugins.

`compiler-runtime` (default: 1)

Force deployment of compiler runtime libraries by setting this option to 1. Disable deployment by setting it to 0.

`webkit2` (optional)

Force deployment of WebKit2 libraries by setting this option to 1. Disable deployment by setting it to 0.

`angle` (optional)

Force deployment of ANGLE libraries by setting this option to 1. Disable deployment by setting it to 0.

`opengl-sw` (default: 1)

Disable deployment of the OpenGL software rasterizer library by setting this option to 0.

`virtual-keyboard` (default: 1)

Disable deployment of the Virtual Keyboard libraries by setting this option to 0.

`system-d3d-compiler` (default: 1)

Disable deployment of the system Direct3D compiler libraries by setting this option to 0.

`patch-qt` (default: 1)

Set this option to 0 to disable patching the Qt5Core library.

`artefacts` (optional)

Additional list of files that will be installed by the recipe but are not picked up automatically.

`arguments` (optional)

Additional list of arguments that are added to the executable _before_ the arguments generated by the recipe _without any processing_.

## Example - Deploy Qt dependencies required for a game executable

	[buildout]
	parts = deploy

	[deploy]
	recipe = uttl.buildout:qtdeploy
	executable = C:\Qt\5.15.2\msvc2019_64\bin\windeployqt.exe
	target-path = C:\Projects\SSSG\build\SSSGRelease.exe
	translations =
		uk
		de
		fr
	virtual-keyboard = 0